I'm sorry what I don't know where to be
kidding I'm okay first things first i
completely adore this video second thing
okay we astray ins have a dirty little
secret that we generally don't like the
rest of the world to know um a lot a lot
a lot of white Australians started as
convicts okay Australia is basically a
tiny little island in the middle of
nowhere and when the British got all
angry and had too many convicts they
sent them to Australia we started as a
convict big so go away go white
Australians built this city all this
nation is not actually true white
convicts built this nation with a few
you know British overlords and
everything like that and then I have to
come to the point where um we need I
think women are not getting pregnant it
off so you know spreading you know seed
around or getting impregnated to receive
would probably a good idea we don't have
that higher population we need more
people because eventually we're going to
die out so we need people to come in so
we can't tell them to fuck off and I'm
sorry and I was actually very really
does i don't do many video responses but
this is one that taught me and I was
just like what it's just
I'm not people think I'm Italian I don't
know why but um this is just I don't get
races comments like side the eyes
whatever whatever one of us doesn't
matter I different know and it's not
like she's going to you know become an
evil overlord with white cat and a
pairing and the new or make out with
Yodle anyway my point is this is idiotic
just move on just please move on making
racist comments just move on and if
anyone needs to leaves cuz with you
because we don't need your gene pool or
leave anyway char